we have in the country. Um we're talking about a relatively a moderate geothermal gradient of around 30 to 35° C per kilometer. So there you can already see that deep geothermal systems that would be at the depth of 2 to 3 kilometers would uh would have the potential to supply temperatures of between 75 to 90 95° C and that would make this sort of geothermal systems perfect for direct use application. So mainly to harvest the thermal energy uh in order to be used for for heating green houses and those uh let's say

um I think there is one

perfect. Um so and in in the Netherlands currently most of the heating is supplied by uh by natural gas. So there is a let's say an environmental driver behind this to increase the the share of the uh let's say alternative sources to replace natural gas for heating and cooling. So that's the main scene here. So we want to use instead of natural gas being used for heating and cooling we want to look for sustainable solutions and that's where geothermal will come into this. So we are looking into the application of geothermal for direct use application for both heating and cooling. Um to look into the assignment that we have uh prepared for you um this is based on some actual development that is currently happening in the Netherlands. So we've made it a little bit uh let's say simplified and a little bit contained that it's can match your timeline of let's say uh few weeks where you have to uh work on this challenge. Um as an example we take this city of Utre uh which you see in the map over here. So you would consider a a let's say a box of uh uh 20 km by 20 km and we want to see how we can actually provide uh heating and cooling into a part of the this city. So that's where we call it a district. So in a district within the city of Utre that can be heated and cooled down with the geothermal source and we give you kind of a minimum value that we would like to get from the geothermal source. So uh one constraint that you need to work on it is that you need to come up with solutions that can provide at least 10 megawatt thermal of heating power and at least 5 megawatt thermal of the cooling power. So this is the very very important thing that you need to take into account. You can definitely come up with a system that would give you 50 megawatt of thermal but later on I'm going to tell you about how we're going to look into this solutions and judge it. So going higher is per se not the best uh solution but I'm going to get into that. So the scope just to um bring let's summarize everything. We're going to look into the city of in the Netherlands. uh we're going to look into the solution that will be inspired by geothermal as a source that can provide both heating and cooling and you have the 10 megawatt heating as a minimum and 5 megawatt of cooling as a minimum required. Then what would be the goal of the assignment that you have to do? You have to design actually this geothermal based heating equipment. Um there will be a mix of let's say um uh demands residential building, offices, public facilities. That's why we're looking into relatively large demand and that's why we included this 10 megawatt and 5 megawatt for heating and cooling because if you're looking into a single household, shallow systems will be sufficient. But we want to look into a district where then deeper systems would actually be much more suitable for this uh for this application. Um so of course you can look into the whole subsurface and design the system in any way that you want. You can say well I can supply 10 megawatt of heating by drilling 500 very shallow bhole heat exchangers and then put some uh storage on surface and in that way I'll be able to supply the heating in. So in order to constrain a little bit the area where you need to look into it in as a source of your geothermal the focus should be on this road league and sandstone reservoir formation in the Netherlands. So these are the deeper ones and you will receive some information and data for it but that's that's a kind of a constraint that means that shallower reservoirs if you look into the shallower reservoirs in the Netherlands uh they would not qualify for the for the solution. So your solution should target Rodling and sandstone in this area.

So that that would be the kind of the the area that you have to look into. In Deutra City, you have the thermal demand uh for both heating and cooling. You have a target reservoir that you have to look into it. And this target reservoir at the different part of the city can have different thicknesses, different transmissivity and it gives you different amount of geothermal energy. So this is an important thing to to keep in mind. We will supply some data to you. So that I will explain in in the next slide or the slide after. Um but what is very important is not only about assessing the geothermal resource itself. What's also very important in this challenge and also contributes to a big part of the grade that you're going to get uh from the challenge is actually about the creativity that you're going to put into designing that system that can provide both heating and cooling. So I would ideally think the winner team would look into a geothermal location at the very right place and then would look into some creative ways to use some surface technology or subsurface technology to come up with both heating and cooling. This can be maybe with the use of some heat pump technology, maybe with the use of some chillers technology, maybe some innovative thermal storage whether surface or subsurface. So in that sense this is very important one your assignment will be quite a multi-disiplinary assignment not only focus on the geothermal resource but also your innovation and creativity on uh creating that integrated system would be would be very much uh uh an important factor in your uh in your u in your assignment. Um as said you will receive some data but you have the possibility to access additional data and I'll explain to you. So there within the Netherlands we have a public domain called thermal GIS thermogis and within this um public tool you have the possibility to actually look around the city and see if there are also other locations and other wells that can be drilled in order to supply the basis for the heating and cooling in the assignment. uh so that's also I will explain a little bit to you on uh on on using this termisto

so in total we have we have two challenges with the first challenge um uh contributing to 60% of the total evaluation rate and that will be about assessing the geothermal potential so I have a few concerns I want to clear so that's why I immediately your voice will be hello I think someone okay they've muted them yes thank you thank you um so the first one assessing the geothermal potential and within this area um we don't have so much actual wells that have been drilled so those limited wells that are in the neighborhood you have that data and you can use it in order to assess the geothermal potential in this uterus area. This is part of the part of the goal and that as a as an outcome of this you should come up with the strategy and the selection of the location and the depth of the well uh in a way that would have the possibility to supply the base load for that heating and cooling requirements. That would be the first challenge. Okay. Um the second challenge which can which would give you 40% of your total grade is about the design of an integrated heating and cooling system. So you have to design this uh system say okay I've identified that I need one well or I need two wells or five wells at this depth at this locations and then I would design a system that consists of this additional auxiliaries in order to provide both heating and cooling and that would be the result of the design that you would provide would be the second part of the challenge. What is very important is that you also come up with the levelized cost of energy that would be achieved if you come up with this system. So more wells would definitely give you higher base load but that also comes at a higher cost. So we give you a minimum, we didn't give you the maximum, but the determining factor eventually will be the levelized cost of energy that has to be calculated for this integrated systems with the geothermal as a source. So if you're very fast, you're very good and you already come up with a with a solution on the first two challenges, which I think they're already pretty interesting and can be quite complex. But if you are already bored with the first two challenges, we also have a bonus challenge for you and that would give you extra point that might help you in getting a higher position is that you already see there is a kind of a sequence in this uh design. So going from your geothermal resource assessment getting the information at the right point extracting this data then come up with your design optimize your design use some technoconconomic models in order to calculate the level of cost of energy and then see if your design is optimum or not. What you can also do is that bring all this sequence into an AI layer and create a kind of an AI assisted workflow that will automate this process either the whole process or part of the process that we leave it up to you because it's a bonus bonus challenge. So that's up to you how you want to design this. But uh definitely if if a if a if a group uh or a team managed to automate part of this workflow that would certainly have a positive impact on their overall um evaluation. So these are the challenges that we have for you. what you're gonna receive is in this area we don't have so much sorry what

um what we're going to what you're going to receive is that there are four wells in the neighborhood and you're going to receive this uh data of these four wells that would include things like the the reservoir depth for this root ligan uh formation the temperature the pocity permeability also with the distribution of the permeability. So P10, P50, P90 thickness but some of the data is also missing. So that also requires the participants to um look for the methods or look for additional data in order to fill in this. So um the full data set is is not provided but definitely it is sufficient for you to to start with it. You can use these four wells that is supplied to you as a basis for the heating and cooling or you can use it as a starting point to look for alternative locations to uh provide that heating and and uh cooling. We would give you an Excel sheet where you can calculate the level cost of energy. Uh this is of course a very basic model and it contains uh levelized cost of energy for heating and for power production. Of course, if you come up with a new integrated approach, you need to also modify this Excel sheet. So this all is being supplied to you and that will be sufficient to do the base assignment. But I'm sure if you start to come up with new design, you need to also change u this wise cost of energy Excel sheet that will be supplied to you. If you want to look for new locations that is possible you can use thermogis tool that is publicly available but if you use this please in your final report and deliverable say which data set you use it how you extracted it and also how this data influence your design. So you have to explain that part that you went beyond these four wells and you have used a certain workflow in order to select the location for the wells and how you extracted that information. So this is also an input. So that's also should give you a good starting point to work on your case. What we would like to get from you as a deliverable um a final technical record is don't make it too long as short as possible. Um and make it very concise but complete in a way that you say how you have done the geothermal assessment. What's the end result of the geothermal assessment that you have done? What is your proposed system design? So how you want to supply that heating and cooling? What assumptions you take and eventually how much heating and cooling you could supply and what is the economic considerations around it. So what would the level cost of energy for uh for your system? So this this would be the report. I mean don't go for a 30 pages of report that we don't need it. Make it concise but it should at least contain these points that we have provided here. Um what is very good is that also you provide a short video of maximum five minutes where you can also present your results. So report would be for the sake of completeness but the pitch is where you actually can make a voice over take us through the steps that you have taken and give us the highlights of the results both in terms of the technical solution and the economic results that you have given and also we would like to have the source code and workflow. So if you've created a a new machine learning model to derive permeability from the porosities, if you make some agentic AI to automate the process, we would like to have this code as well. And then uh with the documentation that we also know how to run the code because in some similar cases, we also would like to go through the code to see how much effort has been put and how much creativity has been put into the into the codes and the scripts. So that's in a nutshell what uh what this assignment was about. This actually I asked AI to generate a a picture for for the assignment and I think well with some uh uh positive and negative points. I think overall it's it's a pretty nice one. So you receive data from war wells but you have the possibility to put wells in other locations. Then it has to be integrated into different technologies and eventually providing heating and cooling into a mix of different demands which eventually has to provide minimum 10 megawatt heating and 5 megawatt cooling and you get some data but you do have a possibility to use additional data as well. So that's what the assignment is about. I think while I'm still talking it might be nice that I quickly show you this thermmo GIS tool that you see how it looks like and uh after that we can go to the to the Q&A. So you can access the thermogis via the website thermmogis.nl and you can go to the map viewer and you're going to see a tool like this. Okay, so this is the map of the Netherlands and you have the possibility to go to the different locations and find the information around this. But how would you use this? So overall within the the within the Netherlands uh if you want to first know where the city of Utre is, the city of Utre is located here. So where you have this kind sea that kind of goes on the north of the country, then you zoom in and you're going to see the city of Utre over here. Okay. Um, within this tool you have the possibility to look into uh what is the kind of overview of the power potential uh how much heat is in place but this would provide you overview in the whole country and also with respect to the economic potentials that you have in the different part of the city. Uh but what we want is that you want to specifically look into the road. So how would you do that? You of course first you need to ensure that you are on the geothermal. So not on the high temperature aquifer thermal energy storage. It has to be on the geothermal. You need to go to the overview and here you have the possibility to access different aquifer information. So you can go to triassic if you want. You can go to perian. And here what we would like you to look into specifically to the root league information. So it can be whatever that is defined as RO you know that will be then the root lian. Um so within this if you go to the root lian you can see the top depth you can see the thickness at the different locations you can see permeabilities with the P10 P50 and P90. So you have all sort of information that you would need. And then suppose you would like to for instance let me just get rid of this so that you can also see a little bit. If you want to for instance know a little bit about the geological conditions in that uh in that part of the city here you have the possibility to either create a cross-section or create a synthetic well. So you can click on the synthetic w and let's for instance click on this part and when you click on this part it would already give you the full bore hole description of this uh area and you also have the possibility to create a cross-section if you want. So you can make also a cross-section and that would give you then the full geological u let's say uh situation and all the strategic of the of the different layers. Um so this is the place that you have the possibility to extract more data. This link will be available to you. There is also a a page which will show you how you can get the data. The tool is public so you can also find a lot of documentation online if you want to use this. So it's also a good exercise that you actually go through the model and try to play around with it and familiar familiarize yourself with this uh with this tool. So with that I'll stop because there might be some questions and I'll be happy to take your uh questions.

Yeah. So if you have a question just raise your hand. I'll be able to see and pick out. If you're shy or you feel like your internet subscription isn't uh your bandwidth isn't so good, you can also write a question in the chat box. As you write your question in the chat box, indicate your name and uh your country and also maybe the section or student chapter that you're from. Uh we will start off with questions about the challenge and then we'll go to more general questions.

So Moses, you see Moses has raised his hand. Moses deployers

Moses. I hope I pronounced your name right. Okay. Yes. Yes. Um, good evening. Can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you now. Okay. Um, uh, when he was going through the challenge description, he mentioned that the output for the heating and cooling, which is the minimum output um, 10 and five for both heating and cooling. Uh, he mentioned that higher isn't necessarily better. I want to understand why. Why is that? Yes. Yeah. Thank you for the for the question. That's a that's an excellent one and definitely needs a bit of a clarification. The reason for that is that eventually if you look into these two challenges that we have provided to you. Um the goal is that you want to design a system that can provide both heating and cooling and uh you know the sky is the limit, right? So you can also design a very sophisticated system that can give 60 megawatt of heating and 50 megawatt of cooling. But what is important is that at which cost you going to provide this. So you can say that oh instead of 10 megawatt and then use one well I would actually drill two wells and I will provide 20 megawatt. That's absolutely fine. But in the end we're going to look into the levelized cost of energy that you can provide that heating and cooling. So of course if we say that well eventually based on the potential that we have in the area everybody has developed a kind of a system that can provide between 12 and 15 megawatt thermal with the similar levelized cost of energy. The team that would find 15 megawatt will be the winner. Right? So but it's very important that we look into the energy that will be produced next to the levelized cost of energy. So that that was what I wanted to kind of uh already give a warning that your goal should not be to go to 100 megawatt. That's not needed. Okay. Think about a system that has to provide at least 10 megawatt because that's where the demand is. Higher energy up to some extent fine but if it goes too high at the high cost levelized cost of energy then that that energy is also not going to be used. So eventually for the direct use applications it's demand driven and you need to try to match that demand and not to be too high and too low. Another reason why I put a minimum over there is and I'm already giving you hints is that there is a possibility that you say I actually would uh do it for a higher um thermal energy capacity and part of that I would use it as a way to store it in the summer so that I can get cooling and then the rest of it I would use it in the winter but the potential that I would design for it would be higher so That's in that sense I didn't want to say do it only 10 megawatt. I said at least 10 megawatt but at least 10 megawatt doesn't mean to go to 30 megawatt 10 12 13 that would be an acceptable range that we can look into that but I already gave you quite a lot of hints. So I hope this was also useful. Uh did I did I answer your question? Yeah you did. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Valentine Mungar. And then there's someone that who put something in the chat. So, Adoa. So, we'll have Valentine go first and then we'll read at the out loud.

Um, hi. Uh my major question right now is whether like there's restrictions of work to work with data outside what is provided and um yeah what are there any type of restrictions on what type of data not like we we're not allowed to um uh just to make sure I understand your question right are you talking about the data input or the data output the input the data input. Well, um we would supply you with some data. So at least you have a starting point and these four wells that are in neighborhood they will be supplied to you but you can actually just extract as much as you want from thermogis that's up to you the the data is open and you can also use all this data in order to improve your estimation for the geothermal potential so that part is not limited but if you are using the data from thermogis then please mention it in your final report that's what did you use how did you get the data and how did you use it to improve your design with cuz for me I don't care if you just scrape all the data from thermogis and with that come up with a with a good um design that's not a problem at all but it's important to know what was your thinking process to actually extract this information from the GIS so and The nice thing why actually we did this case for a case study in the Netherlands. The main reason behind it is just because a lot of these data are publicly available. So that gives you a possibility to have more information in the way that you want it. So uh we made it also quite a free format in that sense. So feel free to use whatever you want from the GIS. So um just a bit here uh TamilJS is our main source of data um and we can use as much of it as necessary but we have to justify it but can we uh work with data outside of GIS if you're using anything from the public domain then we would like to know what data has been used okay because I assume also that you say for the economic calculation you want to add also levelized cost of cooling and for that you use this five assumption from public databases that's absolutely fine we would like to know that oh thank you

thank you we have some few questions from the chat so I'll read them out so from SP Legos asking does the system design have to be physical a physical solution or simulated one and then de leos is asking two questions would you get the slide deck I'll just answer this yes you'll get the slide deck as part of a participant data set and then what's the timeline for the datathon uh the building phase so I also answer this one the timeline is by June 4th uh June 4th is the deadline you have about 3 weeks and a few days to submit your solution then uh we also have IO glory from SP port asking for some of us without a group would you be fixing a group I'll answer this question after we are done with the questions based on the challenges yeah so does the system design have to be a physical solution or a simulated one actually over here it's um um yeah you you want to use it as an input for your uh for your economic calculation so yeah it will be a simulated want but you do not necessarily have to make it very detailed from the simulation perspective. So if you come up with a with a layer that says oh my geothermal can provide 7 and a half megawatt and for the other 2 and a half megawatt I need to install a heat pump. That would be the way that you need to design this and in any way creative way you want to do it be our guest. So you can do that. But then the calculation with respect to the um the energy consumption of that heat pump the cost of running that heat pump and eventually your levelized cost of energy that is something that you need to simulate. Okay. So I don't want you to make a thermodynamic model of a chiller or a heat pump. That's really not necessary. It's a kind of an uh assessment type of uh type of study. But uh in order to report the performance, how much heating cooling is possible and what's the cost of it, yeah, you need to do some simulations. Yeah. So in that sense that that will be part of the challenge that you have to do.

Okay. Uh Sherad, you have a question.

Uh hello sir, am I visit my audible? Yes. Uh sir you have not uh mentioned in a point that we have we can have a new vloss also for fulfilling the for fulfilling the thermal data thermal energy requirement for the community and all. So do we have to include the the drilling the data drilling the well costs and all the necessities that are required while extracting the energy from a new well location because that's going to increase the uh levelized cost of energy right that's that's going to increase ma massively the amount of cost that is required for generating the amount uh energy yeah yes thanks that's an excellent question. So even if you use the existing wells, you still need to include that drilling cost. So the reason why we included these four wells was just to give you a starting point that if you want to just say oh it's the first time I doing a geothermal assessment uh study so I have no idea how this data are and what I need to look for it. We provide that data to you. But if you say I will take the well two that has been provided to you as a basis for that you have to let's say the um the depth of the well you have some information on that. So what that means is that you need to also include the drilling cost for that well into your overall cost. So it doesn't mean that if you use an existing well then that doesn't have a drilling cost and the rest new wells they have a drilling cost. So for all of these cases the drilling cost has to be included otherwise the comparison will not be fair.

Okay sir. Thank you sir. Yes. You're welcome.

No more question. Everything is clear. There is one more. Uh

yes. Um good evening is asking.

Yes, please go ahead. Okay. Uh good evening. Yes. So my question is you you made mention of you know including you know end to end um well cost and um project delivery cost. So I was wondering since um okay I was wondering if we were going to give given a cost data sheet right so as to um eradicate the issues of um having an unfair busting ground when it comes to the participants analysis. Say for example the um say someone from Kenya may may see a 12,000 ft um well to be delivered at say 20 million um US and someone in Nigeria can see it as um a different point point of view given inflation you know economic point of view and all that. So I'm I'm wondering if the um organizing party would give us a standardized cost data sheet can help us you know um analyze this from a more momentate point of view. Yes. So actually I'm exactly in the same slide. So you would receive an Excel sheet that already contains some of these basic uh economic value that you would need. So those will not be changed and I assume that there might be some differences if the participants wants to use um different assumption for the technologies that you would use for the heating and cooling. you know maybe uh in one country heat pump will be much cheaper than the other one or maybe you find it from a reference online that will give you completely different values on that and that's the reason why we also ask for your scripts and workflows because if we see those sort of differences we can also run the workflows using the uh the numbers that the other team has used and that way we can also compare it but for the basic uh values required for geothermal uh source those things they're already included in the in the Excel sheet that you would uh provide and of course while using the Excel sheet if you start to see some uh inconsistencies or things that are not clear you can always approach and we'll be happy to to answer the questions

thank you very

Thank you. Uh see Omar Paruk from Potako has a question. I'd like to know whether a report template will be provided to us. Uh so we uh we will not really provide a template for you. Uh we would like you to develop your own uh way of reporting so that we able to see how you your thought process uh goes. But we will define uh the parameters such as the maximum number of slides you can use. We do not want you to go over 30 slides as Pman said. We'd like you to be as concise as possible. Then we have James uh from SP Benin. So I think if there are any questions regarding the challenge uh kindly fill them now before we proceed to questions uh that regard participation and other aspects of the data I'll give uh about 10 seconds 15

Okay. So we proceed to questions uh regarding general uh the general organization of the dataon. So there was a question from glory for some of us without a group would be fixed in groups. So we will not in a group but we will pull you together all of you who do not have a group we have your contacts you have your emails as we are sharing the the data participant pack you'll be able to share a link that you will find and you'll be able to group yourselves you'll be able to identify each other and group yourselves so we don't want to fix you with someone and then get complaints later on saying oh you fixed us with this guy and so on and so forth this is based on past experience we would like you to pick out who you think would be uh

great. So that is how we'll go about it. Then

the red just that you can be able to participate effectively. So I'm seeing uh leaving asking some of my team about the email but I didn't receive starch I had registered for the hackathon uh yes this will be sorted out I think uh the emails were sent out on Saturday so uh we will ensure that all of you received the emails so some of you did not receive the emails in time uh but we sent out emails on Saturday

any more questions

so frequently asked Last question that I I think is important to note is on attendance. So the top uh top teams will be able to come and present the solutions during the SPE uh SUSK which is the students congress which should be taking place in Nairobi Kenya. We will not be we are not currently in a position to pay for your travel and accommodation but if anything changes we'll let you know. So if you are able to organize that from the onset that is an expectation that we do not want to set uh for you so that you can uh in case your team proceeds just know that that is uh that is something you'll be expected to do on your side.

Since there are no more questions I would like us to get a few comments. We have some representatives from the geothermal technical session and the data science engineering engineering analytics technical session. So I'll start with the geothermal technical session. We do have Karina and we also have Mr. Prince who is from GTS Africa. So I'll ask Mr. principal to start us off and then Katina and then after that we'll have a comment from the seats from Michael Aku and then a closing remark from Michelle boy. So principal

So I think as principal prepares himself there are a few questions we have here. So James is asking what is the prize you'll get if you compete in Kenya. Uh this will be stipulated in the participant pack and we'll also give updates towards the uh deadline day. We are still sorting out a few things in terms of partnerships and we'll let you know. Then Usain Ahmed from SP Abuja is asking will there be a provision for virtual presentation? Uh this is something we are considering and we will let you know in case you will not be able to make it we will make arrangements.

So I think principal is maybe far from his microphone so I'll give it to Katarina to speak on behalf of GTTS.

Thank you so much Arthur. Uh thanks everybody for your interest in this great event. We're very excited to collaborate with uh with all these SPE uh sections as well as uh you all. Um I'm very excited to see the interest in this. This is uh really really great and as the program chair of the geothermal SPE geothermal technical section I uh welcome you all to this as well as look forward to all the results coming out of this. This is wonderful. Thank you all so much for your interest and good luck to everybody and have fun at it. Thank you Arthur.

Michael Aku. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Can you hear me? Yes. Yes, I can hear you now. Yeah. Um, pretty much. Yeah. Thanks. Um also uh think thank you to everyone. Um I think this is um a long way coming. We've um actually been working on this for quite a period of time now and um we're happy to kickstart it. Um pretty much a lot of effort has gone into this and then um our goal is actually to two things to see how we can showcase um your talent and your solutions to the larger oil and gas um um industry professionals at um the um AC that are not sent Congress coming and beyond that also to see how much knowledge of um geotama reservatives and formations people have and young people really have so that we can create a um you know a platform where talent where come some of the companies in East Africa in Uganda Tanzania and all that need your skill set we can really map that to those companies and then can get like future prospects from it so this is a wonderful initiative and um of course we are glad that the geothermal technical session and FB de uh we rub mine together to push this out. So I want to encourage you to just give it your best. Um what we're looking out for is your your thought process and your ideology. We're not looking for a perfect answer. We're just looking for how your problem solving skills and and I'm and I'm also going to say this that that is something we're going to look out for and also reward accordingly. So give it your best put your best foot forward and of course um the sky will be the starting point. Thank you.

Thank you Michael. I like to thank all of you uh for coming through. I'd like to thank also uh the organizing committee and I'd like to

Come.

I mean

to give our closing remarks as we close.

Thank you so much author. Can you hear me well? Yes. Yes. All right. Um, I just want to thank all the participants. I want to thank the entire team for putting together a very successful kickoff meeting of uh data analysis uh data and I would like to encourage all the participants that this is the time for us to shine with uh technology. We would like to use our innovation. We would like to use our natural resources that we have in Africa to create opportunities to learn, to grow and for this particular data tone to win. And uh we are here to support and uh please feel free to to reach out and thank you so much for for the interest for the numbers. We are very excited with this journey and as uh dit one of the DC directors as my colleague Mike has said that um have fun. So with that I just like to thank everyone and uh please feel free to reach out if you have any questions. Thank you. Thank you Arthur.

Thank you all. Have a great evening and night for those who are on my side of the world and uh all the best.

Oh boy.